README.md, before:

# Information Systems Development Project 

## Executive Summary 

*Add to last 

## Objectives of the Project 
The objectives of this project is to improve the processes that are currently implemented at the majore travel company's Call Management Centre (CMC). The information gathered through reading the document specification of the travel company  has highlighted the changes that our customers would like to see integrated into the new Information System (IS). It is understood that the current model is outdated and needs to be more streamlined in order to achieve maximum efficiecny and effectivness. 


## Design thinking approach 

## Problem definition 

### Empathy Map 

## User Stories 


| User Story Number  | User Story Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| User Story #1 | As a relationship manager, I want to be able to have access to a target list, so that I can provide an improved service to end customers   |
| User Story #2 | As a customer i want to be able create a profile so that i can be matched faster with a relaitonship manager  | 

### Point of View Statements

## Stakeholders

- reflect on empathy maps 
- assumptions, what we were certain about, what we were not certain about 
- reflective task 

## ideation 
- reflective 
- how might we questions - table 
- turn into backlog 
## Prototyping and models - Workproducts, models and descriptions
*short description of whats featured here 
### Use case Diagrams
### Activity Diagrams
### Class Diagrams
### Collaborative Diagrams

## Competitive advantages and possible effects if the project fails 

*E.g. Potential benefits to the call center (in terms of reducing cost and being able to carry out more effective calls). (Around 500 words)

Commit message:

formatting POV table
creating a table for point of view statememts

README.md, after:

# Information Systems Development Project 

## Executive Summary 

*Add to last 

## Objectives of the Project 
The objectives of this project is to improve the processes that are currently implemented at the majore travel company's Call Management Centre (CMC). The information gathered through reading the document specification of the travel company  has highlighted the changes that our customers would like to see integrated into the new Information System (IS). It is understood that the current model is outdated and needs to be more streamlined in order to achieve maximum efficiecny and effectivness. 


## Design thinking approach 

## Problem definition 

### Empathy Map 

## User Stories 


| User Story Number  | User Story Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| User Story #1 | As a relationship manager, I want to be able to have access to a target list, so that I can provide an improved service to end customers   |
| User Story #2 | As a customer i want to be able create a profile so that i can be matched faster with a relaitonship manager  | 

### Point of View Statements

| POV Statement Number | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Point of 
View Statment 1 | An inbound customers needs to be able to hang up when call holds up become too long because customers will not have the opportunity to wait extended period of time
A customer should be coordinated with the best possible RM because this will greatly improve the likelihood of sales and customers will be provided with better suited products |
| Point of
View Statement 2| A relationship manager needs a way to make outbound calls and receive inbound calls, whilst also delivering efficient and well-informed conversations about potential holiday packages. They need to be able to provide genuine conversation about holiday packages that might interest the caller to efficiently and effectively achieve a sale. |
| Point of 
View Statement 3 | A customer who is interested in holiday package needs a way to communicate efficiently with a well-informed relationship manager on the holiday package that interest them the most because this will help in their decision to purchase a package.|
|Point of 
View Statement 4 | Company should divide the customer into 2 types which are new customer and old customer. And then the customer that have used the service before should be matched with the RM that served them before so it will have the good results and there will have a good feedback from the customer. |

## Stakeholders

- reflect on empathy maps 
- assumptions, what we were certain about, what we were not certain about 
- reflective task 

## ideation 
- reflective 
- how might we questions - table 
- turn into backlog 
## Prototyping and models - Workproducts, models and descriptions
*short description of whats featured here 
### Use case Diagrams
### Activity Diagrams
### Class Diagrams
### Collaborative Diagrams

## Competitive advantages and possible effects if the project fails 

*E.g. Potential benefits to the call center (in terms of reducing cost and being able to carry out more effective calls). (Around 500 words)
